# HelloClarice
Metadata Project
Introduction
The collection is focused on the story of The Silence of the Lambs, of which characters first appeared in Thomas Harris’s 1981 novel, Red Dragon.  The success of the novel, The Silence of the Lambs and the cultural impact of the film of the same title have resulted in numerous books, films, television series, and countless popular culture memorabilia associated with each.  The Silence of the Lambs collection consists of books, movies, memorabilia, soundtracks, costumes, props, fan art, and detailed information on filming locations.

Users of the collection may include film enthusiasts, film students and scholars, those interested in local history, and those interested in pop culture.  Pittsburgh has enjoyed a long association with horror and suspense films, beginning with George A. Romero’s Night of the Living Dead (1968).  Celebrations of this heritage have increased in recent decades, attracting fans from all over the country to events such as the Pittsburgh Zombie Walk, Steel City Con, and Living Dead Weekend, whose popularity has grown such that two Living Dead Weekend events are being hosted in the Pittsburgh region in 2017.  Additionally, Pittsburgh’s diverse landscape, offering filmmakers a variety of shooting locations whether urban, industrial, or rural, has resulted in numerous production companies filming in Western Pennsylvania.  This collection would be of interest to both film enthusiasts and local tour groups specializing in filming locations.  This collection utilizes a controlled vocabulary in item descriptions will assist users in both locating and understanding the objects in the collection.  
